Title: Info

----

Results: (vimeo: http://vimeo.com/55021212 class:vimeo)
#why work with visual dialogue?
#collaborative expertise that adds up to remarkable results

###STRATEGY+
We bring audiences into focus and initiate smart conversations.

###MESSAGING+
We turn mission statements into meaningful interactions.

###DESIGN= 
We create engaging experiences that speak to both hearts and minds.

###RESULTS 
We go beyond the expected to see our clients succeed.

----

About: #about the agency

Visual Dialogue is a creative agency providing strategy-driven solutions to help our clients tackle their most important marketing initiatives and produce remarkable results. For 25 years, Visual Dialogue has been helping organizations engage audiences, extend their brands, and position themselves for success.

We offer a wide range of services and capabilities including branding, advertising, website design and development, marketing strategy, visual identity and business communications. Partners Fritz Klaetke and Susan Battista are directly involved in every engagement, ensuring a higher level of expertise without all the overhead of a larger agency. The result is smart creative work that brings audiences closer and creates lasting impact.

----

Bios: #fritz klaetke, design director

The offspring of an architect and a painter, Fritz Klaetke was genetically predestined to be a graphic designer. He grew up in Detroit and founded the firm in 1988 while still a student at the University of Michigan. Since that time, Fritz’s work has received every major award in the industry and has also has been exhibited at the Detroit Institute of Arts, Corcoran Gallery in Washington, D.C., The Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston, and is included in the permanent collection at the Cooper-Hewitt, Natonal Design Museum in New York City.

Fritz is an advisory board member of the American Institute of Graphic Arts/Boston chapter, a featured speaker both locally and nationally, and a critic and lecturer at schools including the Art Institute of Boston, College for Creative Studies in Detroit, Massachusetts College of Art, Northeastern University, and Yale University. Fritz has served as a juror for competitions sponsored by AIGA, *Communication Arts,* and the Advertising and Design Club of Canada.

#susan battista, strategy & messaging director

Research strategist Susan Battista leads audience insight and brand positioning initiatives. Susan leverages learning into key messages that ensures our work stands out from the competitive clutter and motivates the target audience. Susan is a skilled and experienced marketing professional who has worked extensively with colleges and universities, advertising agencies and design firms, for-profit and non-profit organizations on a wide range of projects. She has led strategic marketing initiatives at organizations as diverse as Boston Public Health Commission, Harvard Business School, Massachusetts General Hospital, Maui Jim Sunglasses, and UNICEF. She is skilled in conducting secondary and primary research that includes interviews, focus groups, online studies, and observational studies. A dual-major graduate of Syracuse University with degrees in Journalism and Marketing Management, Susan previously held senior management positions at Fleet Bank, Fidelity Investments, and advertising/interactive agencies including Digitas.

----

Awards: #awards

Visual Dialogue has received honors from organizations including the Ad Club, American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA), Art Directors Club (ADC), Massachusetts Interactive Technology Exchange (MITX), and The Webby Awards. Our work has been featured in major publications such as *Communication Arts, HOW, I.D.,* and *Sports Illustrated,* and is included in the permanent collection of the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum. Design director In 2013, Fritz Klaetke won a Grammy Award for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package for Smithsonian Folkways Recordings *Woody at 100: The Woody Guthrie Centennial Collection*.